Sprint Reflection:

The team made significant progress in completing Sprint 3, not only in terms of the tasks accomplished but also the improvements in project management. 
The team's artists continued to work on player animations, tile sprites, backgrounds, enemy sprites, item sprites, and more.
There were significant changes to code written in Sprint 2, for the purpose of improving functionality and code design. To make the code more cohesive and give the members the ability to group classes together, methods were removed from multiple individual interfaces and relocated to more general interfaces (which the prior interface would implement). To avoid redundancy, the team ensured that each class was implementing the appropriate interfaces (for example, IProjectile rather than  IUpdateable, IDrawable, ICollideable). In addition to fixing errors and issues with the code that impacted its ability to complete the requirements of Sprint 2, the group made an active effort to locate and resolve code smells, such as global references to state and location.
One of the major changes to the project for Sprint 3 was the addition of the GameObjectManager, which required the removal of implementations for projectiles, items, etc. inside the player, enemy, and other classes, and the reassignment of these functionalities (for example, creating, storing, updating, and deleting projectiles) to the GameObjectManager. The GameObjectManager serves as a combined version of all of the preexisting object managers and it stores and handles all different kinds of objects.
Another significant change was the addition of the CollisionDetection and CollisionResolution classes, which handle every possible combination of object collisions that will be used in the final game. This addition required modifying the existing individual object classes to add collide methods. Another new class that also required changes in much of the existing code was the physics class, which handles jumping, falling, player movement, etc.
Another major addition was the LevelLoader class.
One thing that was an entirely new addition to the project was the use of XML to load data. This also made some modification to LoadContent necessary.
As with the previous sprint, each member picked from a general list of classes and tasks to complete. However, last sprint the team underestimated the work required for certain tasks, and the process of working through individual pieces of the project was sometimes lacking in clear and consistent communication. This created an issue wherein the individual parts of the code did not work with each other, and half of the group spent significantly more time trying to resolve these issues than other members. This sprint, the group took active steps to prevent this from happening again. In addition to listing the required tasks to be completed, the team also listed specific individual steps for many of the tasks, and assigned each step of each task to a member. This was a change from the last sprint, when individual members had no way of checking which member was responsible for which class. This helped with communication, and it also ensured that nothing was forgotten or left until the last minute. Although the planning document that the team constructed assigned individual members to specific tasks, the teamwork dynamic made these assignments flexible. There was a steady rotation of members asking for and offering help, and this constant collaboration ensured that each of the members was aware of what was happening across the project, not just in the individual class or method they were assigned to. Thanks to the group's efforts, the task of debugging and attempting to fit everything together became less daunting than in the previous sprint. All of this being said, there is still room for improvement with planning and communication. Next sprint, the group will put a bigger emphasis on setting and following intermediary deadlines, as well as communicating with members before adding major changes to shared code.
